 INDEX
 

 Sr.
No.	
Title
	
 Page
  No	
  Date of Performance	
  Date of submission	
  Sign	   

1	Install and configure client and server for MySQL and MongoDB (Show all commands and necessary steps for installation and configuration).					   
2	Study the SQLite database and its uses. Also elaborate on building and installing of SQLite					   
3	Design any database with at least 3 entities and relationships between them. Apply DCL and DDL 
commands. Draw suitable ER/EER diagram for the system.					   
4	Design and implement a database and apply at least 10 different DML queries for 
the following task.For a given input string display only those records which match the given pattern or a phrase in the search string. Make use of wild characters and LIKE operator for the same. Make use of Boolean and arithmetic operators wherever necessary					   
5	Execute the aggregate functions like count, sum, avg etc. on the suitable database. Make use of built in functions according to the need of the database chosen. Retrieve the data from the database based on time and date functions like now(), date(), day(), time() etc. Use group by and having clauses. Execute the aggregate functions like count, sum, avg etc. on the suitable database. Make use of built in functions according to the need of the database chosen. Retrieve the data from the database based on time and date functions likenow(), date(), day(), time() etc. Use group by and having clauses.
Execute the aggregate functions like count, sum, avg etc. on the suitable database. Make use of built in functions according to the need of the database chosen. Retrieve the data from the database based on time and date functions like now(),date(),day(),
time() etc. Use group by and having 
clauses.					   
6	Implement nested sub queries. Perform a test for set membership (in, not in), set comparison 
(<some, >=some, <all etc.) and set cardinality (unique, not unique).					   
7	Write and execute suitable database triggers. Consider row level and statement level triggers					   
8	Write and execute PL/SQL stored procedure and function to perform a suitable task on the database. Demonstrate its use.					   
9	Write a PL/SQL block to implement all types of cursor.					   
10	Execute DDL statements which demonstrate the use of views. Try to update the base table using its corresponding view. Also consider restrictions on updatable views and perform view creation from multiple tables.					   
11	Create a database with suitable example using MongoDB and implement
·Inserting and saving document (batch insert, insert validation)
·Removing document
·Updating document (document replacement,using modifiers, upserts, updating multiple documents, returning updated documents)					   
12	Execute at least 10 queries on any suitable MongoDB database that demonstrates following querying techniques:
·find and findOne (specific values)
·Query criteria (Query conditionals, OR queries, $not, Conditional semantics)
·Type-specific queries (Null, Regular expressi
on, Querying arrays)					   
13	Execute at least 10 queries on any suitable MongoDB database that demonstrates following:
·$ where queries
·Cursors (Limits, skips, sorts, advanced query options)
·Database commands					   
14	Implement Map reduce example with suitable example.
					   
15	Implement the aggregation and indexing with suitable example in MongoDB. Demonstrate the 
following:
·Aggregation framework
·Create and drop different types of indexes and explain () to show the advantage of the indexes.					 





Student Sign                                                                                                        Subject Teacher Sign